The Joe Rogan experience. No,
it's when people pick mushrooms and they go out and pick mushrooms.
The real issue seems to be that there's some mushrooms that are edible that look
very close to mushrooms, very similar to mushrooms that are very poisonous.
True to the uninitiated and the people who have not learned.
But once you learn the Shantrelle, you will not mistake it.
Nothing looks like a lion's mane mushroom. Once you learn lion's mane,
mushroom is hard to mistake it.
So there are some lookalikes and with Emma Nita,
[inaudible] the destroying angel and with a Patty Strom mushroom,
which is commonly cultivated and collected in Asia.
Many of the mushroom deaths in north America have come from, uh,
not displaced, but, uh, peoples, but people who've come from Asia.
And because they're secretive and the language barrier and the culture of being
wild collectors,
they then mistake the destroying angel for a powder straw mushroom.
That's a real common mistake. There are other people who said that, well,
it just looked at a bubble. That's a really dangerous thing to say,
because you have to know species individually, right?
There's a there's edible species of Amanita and there's poisonous ones.
There's deadly poisonous ones.
I'm Anita seems to have a lot of controversy as far as its efficacy,
far as like it's psychedelic efficacy that I don't know anybody that's ever
really tripped off.
Mascara or eminence. Oh man, do I have a story please?
Oh my God. Because everybody that I know, like,
and that was something that McKenna talked about as well,
Terrence talked about while he was alive.
He said that it seems that it's a genetically variable seasonally,
variable pre perhaps even environmentally.
All those things are partially true. I've eaten em,
they miscarried four or five times.
Miami miscarry has the red mushroom with the white dots. As a fairytale.
Mushroom is perfectly legal, Santa Claus mushroom. Um,
it contains a musi Mol Musker on an EBIT tannic acid,
actually very small amounts of mustering,
but the muscular manic symptoms cause salivation and sweating. Um,
and I tripled my friend on, on eMoney to mascara area.
And uh, and um,
I looked at him and he was foaming at the mouth and I had all these bubbles
coming out of his mouth, hang up, man, dude, you look like you have rabies.
He goes, you should see what you look like. So, but then Emin mascara, I've,
I've eaten that a few times and people do boil it in water,
throw away the water twice and they can make it into an edible mushroom.
But it's, it's not that great of an edible,
but there's another restaurant called amnio Panther. Rina Panther,
Rina is a kick-ass mushroom.
It has five times or more the amounts of [inaudible] almost
no Muskegon.
So the salivation effect an enemy mascara.
So I have a, had a very good friend. We are not friends anymore,
unfortunately. Um,
but I was in charge of the herbarium at the evergreen state college.
And I freeze dried M that a Panther Reno they're called Panther cops.
They're brown and color, and they have dots. Very good.
The Panther cop, perfectly legal mushroom and extraordinarily powerful.
So I was living up in Darrington, Washington and his cabin.
I was a logger hippie for a few years.
And so my friend Dave came up and I had these freeze dried mushrooms
from the herbarium. And I said, let's go ahead and eat these.
And I had read in the literature and almost no one had eaten them.
So I made an omelet and I, and we cooked it up and he was much lighter than me.
So I thought, well, I should have two thirds of the omelet, right.
Because he's lighter than me. And so we ate the mushrooms, run 10 o'clock.
And, um, we're living in this cabin,
but across the Creek was a scar square Creek camp run. And it was the,
we call them the Winnebago people, right back then in the seventies,
I hitchhiked across country. 13 times never Winnebago never picked me up.
So they were always the enemy. And uh, so we were long-haired hippies.
You know, we ate these mushrooms and we thought for entertainment,
let's go look at the Winnebago people. So we met,
it was so close. I don't know why we drove our car,
but we drove the car out of my cabin.
We went down like a half a mile and we turned left into the Sparky campground
and we parked the car and we wanted to go up to a beautiful view spot.
And so we walked through the Winnebago people and their families and everything
else. And, and we got up onto a Ridge and we thought, this is a great few spot,
but we're waiting there like an hour, no effect, you know?
And I thought the dad was like, wow, maybe these aren't that potent.
And then right after we said that,
I looked at Dave and I said, David, do you see that? He goes, yeah,
we waited a few more seconds than this big distortion field.
And we had a beautiful view of the volcanoes and the valleys are big view scape.
We could see the air with had become sort of this liquid.
And then it started coming on stronger and stronger and stronger.
I'm like, oh my God, this is getting intense.
We better get the heck out of here. Go,
go home where it's safe because this is coming on. So strong.
So we come down off this little,
this little plateau and we had to come down through the Winnebago people and
then, oh my God. And here,
we're walking a thing about am Anita's and Muskeegan Panther Rina,
you have doll yellows and Browns,
but you feel like this giant and you're moving a slow motion.
Every step you're taking, you know,
you feel like this giant by moving really slow. And,
and then I came to Winnebago's of no end. There were hundreds of feet long.
I'm trying to walk past this little bagel. And like, when does this Winnebago,
when I end, I keep on walking further and further. And then, oh my God.
And so then we're really just really, really high. It was ridiculous.
I had a really flux camera and we came up to the car.
And so for some frigging reason, I locked the car.
And so I had my key, I looked at my key and I look at the lock. I went,
Pam missed, oh, okay. Pull the key back missed.
But Dave goes, you okay? I go, I'm fine. He goes, do you want me to drive?
And I go, no way, dude, I'm this high, there's no way I want you to drive.
Right. And so I did it over and over again. Then magically just for repetition,
it just made it into the lock.
So I unlocked the door and I get into the car and I dropped my camera
and then I'm in the car and I'm trying to get my key. And I thank God.
I didn't get my key in. I was not safe to drive. And then Dave is going like,
oh my God, Paul or so freaking high right now. And I go and I say, well,
let's go home. I said, it's not drop my camera.
And I went over and I looked at the ground, there was my camera. I picked it up.
Dave, I dropped my camera, dropped my camera again.
Oh, wow. Dave, I brought my camera, picked up my camera, go
drop. My camera, did this over and over and over again.
Repetitive motion syndrome kicked in.
This is a very common symptom of Amond at Panther Rina.
I dropped my karma dozens and dozens of times, how did it look at the end? Well,
it was shattered, but Dave goes, Paul, you should look up.
And a whole bunch of people from the Winnebago community had lined up holding
their children in close proximity,
watching this repetitive motion syndrome where I'm just constantly picking my
camera. So they're watching you for entertainment,
where you went to watch them for entertainment.
And now they're freaking out because I have this repetitive motion syndrome and
I'd take one step. Uh, Trump, my camera. Wow. Dave,
I dropped my camera and I pick up my camera gun.
I go through and I just want my camera. Whoa. It dropped my camera again.
Now this speaks to the busy workers and the busy workers.
The word berserk came from the Berserkers and Scandinavia where the legend has
it, that there were these, these, the Scandinavians, um, um,
the Vikings were surrounded and outnumbered, uh,
and they were going to be killed the next day.
And they ate a whole bunch of empty and miscarried and a big, big soup.
And a legend has it. And it's not been confirmed, but this is the legend.
This very commonly reiterated is that they drank a whole bunch of [inaudible]
soup. And then they went and the next day,
even though they're massively out numbered,
they took off all their clothes in the attack, the enemy naked with swords.
And that's where the word berserk came from the preservers.
So I'm having this berserker experience of repetitive motion syndrome and I'm
dropping my camera over and over and over again.
And I looked up and the parents were holding.
Their children are totally freaking out. You know, I said,
we got to get out of here.
So we left the doors open on the car and I'm taking one or two stops,
dropping my camera and picking it up, dropping my camera.
We finally made a pack. He, he disappeared.
I didn't know if the Dave you're on your own on dude. I have enough.
I have enough to worry about no,
I made it back to my cabin and I get from my cabinet.
And there's a combination luck all, no, I don't need a combination.
Look right now, I can barely, you know,
I'm spinning lock back and forth spending backlog. And then, um,
eventually the locked has spontaneously opened and,
and then I fell on the ground and I started convulsing.
And the cool thing about convulsing was it felt good. Every time I convulsed,
I actually went, oh, that feels so good. So it could involve some more.
And I was just convulsing. Constantly. Epileptic can have electric convulsions,
very, very intense, but they felt good. This is the weird thing about it.
I needed to convulse because every time I convulse,
I kind of got a reset of my neurology, you know,
and I have a baseline and then it would spin out of control.
And then I had this cascade of, I stint, I stingy in thoughts, I'm going,
oh my God, I can save the world. I know how to do this.
And they don't have a positional or adverbial phrase.
And just before I came to the object of my thought,
that was Einsteinian insight, I'd have a tension.
And then I come to the course at the end of that sentence.
And then I have another tangent. I saw death as a,
as a perpetual series of alternatives that never gave me the satisfaction of a
conclusive thought. And, um,
as I was just lasted for about 12 hours, you know, I, I fainted,
I went into a coma like state. So you recommended it.
I do not recommend it.
And the biggest concern besides the repetitive motion syndrome is, um,
hypothermia. Because if you're out in the woods or something and you're exposed,
you're not getting up. So you're you go in, it's called Soma for a reason.
It's the Soma mushroom. It has some different causes
because isn't there some debate as to what Soma actually is.
That's what our Gordon Wasson proposed Sama and the medic literature.
There's a big debate about that.
But the other story I like to tell is my friend,
Dr. Andrew Weil was at the Cougar hunt Springs and, and Oregon.
And, um,
Andy's a medical doctor from Harvard and he was walking the trail and people can
run down to, oh my God, this guy's trying to kill himself. You got to come up.
And Andy went up to this guy,
had eaten a whole bunch of ambient miscarry on big biker dude.
And it covered with blood.
And he was up on a bridge and he was swinging his legs back and forth
and is above the rocks. And he threw himself off the bridge.
Now it was only about six or eight feet,
but it's enough onto the boulders down below, smashed himself on the rocks.
And then he climbed back up on the bridge and he swung his feet and threw
himself off the bridge. So this,
this causes repetitive motion syndrome to both of my camera.
Isn't marshaling.
That's perfectly legal as probably one of the most dangerous mushrooms that
anyone could eat.
I definitely advise not doing this because I always thought if I was ever called
as an expert witness,
having these experiences and someone who was a war watching tales from the crypt
on TV, and they saw a knife,
it causes temporary insanity. I mean, it's,
those type of machines are wonderful. They're peaceful, they're loving as the
[inaudible] right. But the AMA Nita mushrooms caused this strange,
strange sort of behavior that is really potentially dangerous.